all right lads I'll give you a black
beards honest opinion you asked me can
this new captain promise you a life of
prizes plunder an adventure I amongst
all the gentlemen of Fortune salen knees
West Indies he ranks amongst the most
clever there was a time when I thought
myself the deadliest scared to be seen
but this man is a fearsome dog the
fields of trouble and turn
I see him clear the deck of a Spanish
galleon later one another
for it like a devil dressed as a man
that is a County one knows his way
around every crack and crevice of these
islands so of his fortune and adventure
you see and Captain Edward kenway's your
man only don't meddle his private
affairs for there's more mystery of a
man than even I dare ask
you
go
assassin's creed 4 black flag free order
now and get a free limited edition
poster designed by Todd McFarlane